---
layout: post
title: My Journey to Programming Part 3
---

Even with all my newfound interest and success in my first programming class (I finished as one of the top students in my class), I still didn't pull the trigger on switching majors as I still wasn't sure if it was what I wanted to do with my life (told you I was bad at decisions). I ended up finishing out my undergraduate degree in the business school with my double major and returning home to look for a job in Finance. It was at this time that I began spending time with my friend Evan.

Evan had just graduated with a CS degree from Georgia Tech and had also returned home while working on a start-up application he started there. I began spending a lot of time with him and having him walk me through some of the tasks he had to complete. My interest that had sparked with my college class began to rekindle and grow over time, even after I found a job in Finance. I began to teach myself how to code in my spare time through free tutorials and Youtube videos, but I grew frustrated with my inability to stay focused with no real goals or schedule on top of a full-time job for which I had to commute an hour every day. However, I was very lucky to have met a very like-minded coworker Vinny who I had grown close with.

Like me, Vinny had studied Finance in school but had a lot of interest in Computer Programming, even having it as a major briefly in college. The two of us were eager to get into the Software Development field, but did not want to do it at the cost of leaving our jobs in order to go back to school. We began to research different online coding academies that would allow us to study without having to leave our jobs. When we came across Bloc, with its lean yet expansive full-stack curriculum, differentiating mentor program, the guarantee of an entry-level position, and positive reviews, we knew we found a program that fit our needs perfectly. Our only hesitation came with the price, but we knew that this price had to be compared to that of a four-year CS degree, for which this was an alternative. After taking time to carefully think it through, we both enrolled for the program and we haven't looked back since.
