---
layout: post
title: My Journey to Programming Part 2
---

Knowing I wouldn't be continuing with pre-med, I was now faced with the decision of choosing a new major with no idea what I wanted to do with my life. After careful consideration, I chose a double major in Finance and Economics knowing two things: 1: No matter what you do, you need to understand business if you plan on accumulating any sort of wealth and 2: My proficiency in math. While my business classes were far more interesting than the science courses I was taking in my first semester, I still found that I could not see myself working in Finance or Economics for the rest of my life. Doubt and fear began to creep into my mind as the uncertainty of my future began to settle in. Then, in my sophomore year I started taking a required Introduction to Programming class in which we would be learning the C++ Programming Language.

Before this programming class, I knew very little about Computer Science, however, the idea of it had definitely sparked my interest. As someone that likes to call themselves an analytical thinker, I am always trying to figure out how things work. While this statement is often both overstated and cliché, I can assure you that it rings as true for me as anyone. This way of thinking is not only driven by an incessant curiosity but also out of necessity. I learned very early on in life that this was the only way I was able to remember complex subject matters and their many nuances. I've always been one to ask many questions, the most common one being the simple but ever-present "Why?". While this came to the annoyance of many of my parents and even some teachers, it allowed me to learn through developing connections instead of simple memorization. This tactic allowed me to excel in school the more I practiced it, seeing my GPA rise each year of high school. Soon into my programming class, I realized that this way of learning was very conducive to the field. With so many complexities and moving parts, the least important thing about Computer Programming is memorization. In fact, I would soon find out programming languages are often updated and sometimes even completely replaced to keep up with advancements in technology. While these changes are usually made to make our lives easier, someone who simply memorized the details of certain languages would quickly find themselves outdated. Instead, I would happily find out that the main key to succeeding in this field is understanding the process, because the process does not change. By understanding the process, it is not only easier to learn how complex applications work and how to create them, but it also makes it easier to adapt to the changes in rapidly expanding industry. While this may not be an easy task for some, it is one I feel I am very well suited for given the way I've approached learning from a young age.
